Who would like to play Send To All?
Michael!
This is awkward.
Brilliant!
Whoa!
It's Alesha's phone,
ladies and gentlemen.
No!
Oh, my God.
Don't! No, no!
Oh, my God!
What's great about Send To All is,
you don't know where the comedy
is going to come from.
I've got your blower.
In fact, Danny Dyer said it to me.
I went to see Danny Dyer
before the show to say thank you
so much for doing this, don't worry,
all the rest of it,
and he looked at me and went,
"Right, it's not about me,
"it's about the blower."
Photos maybe, a few photos
on here? Yeah,
I've got a few smudges
in there, yeah.
There's some funny photos already.
What's this?
I turned 40 this year
and I thought I need to start
growing up a little bit and
so I thought I'd get into gardening.
Anyway, as I bent down, that, right,
done me right in the eyeball.
Have you got a picture of it?
Is it on the phone?
Yeah, look at the state of me eye.
Oh, my!
Oh, that is so fun.
So this is the result
of your attempt at gardening.
Terrible, I had to go to work
and tell them,
a week I was out of the game, Mike.
But were people in the week,
were they saying,
"Oi, Danny, had bit of a tear-up?"
And you were going, "No,
I've taken up 'orticulture, mate."
But it's great fun to see people's
apps and little things
that you don't know is going
to be funny and insightful
end up being that,
like Alan Shearer's alarms.
These are your alarms. Oh...
What? I don't...
Alan, are you a narcoleptic?
The best one undoubtedly
was Olly Murs's Uber,
because it was just so spontaneous.
Uber. Get me out of here!
I've never used it before.
Is it good? I don't know.
This is your last journey.
Did you have a nice trip?
It was lovely, thank you, yeah.
Not according to that rating.
I'd never used it before,
and realising
I can order a car here,
so we ordered this luxury car
and I had kind of forgotten about it
and he had arrived
at the theatre, the production team
had met him and said,
"Look, do you mind
being on this TV show?"
They put a microphone on him.
APPLAUSE AND CHEERING
Ladies and gentlemen, it's Ionut!
Our UNEXPECTED Unexpected
Star of the Show!
Ionut, am I saying that right?
Ionut? Yes.
So, listen, do you like music?
Of course. Do you like pop music?
Everything.
If I was to say...
# Dear darling...
# Please excuse my writing
# I can't stop my hands
from shaking... #
Does that ring any bells with you?
No.
How much do I owe you for
the trip to Basildon? Around 200.
AUDIENCE GASPS
Have you got a credit card,
or something?
It has already been
charged to me anyway.
Oh, does it already get charged?
Yeah.
Does that already get
charged automatically? Yes.
But, of course, Send To All is all
about the texts we send
to their contacts.
The message I'm going
to send into your phone.
VOICEOVER: My first ever celebrity
Send To All was Spice Girl,
Geri Horner.
Right. So let's just remind
ourselves what the text was.
Oh, my God. There's a classic.
Farmer Clive.
Oh, my God!
I'm assuming he is a farmer.
Yeah. How do you know Farmer Clive?
Because I was at this party. Yes.
And...in the country,
and I was going to surprise
my husband and buy him some sheep.
As you do. As you do! When you're
an international pop star. Yeah.
Surprise him with some sheep.
So, we got chatting so
I took his number. Oh, no!
So he thinks I want to massage...
So, you've only met him once
and it was about the possible
purchase of some sheep. Yeah.
He's a farmer, he's called Clive
and he's in your phone.
"I'm permanently in the
lambing shed at the moment,
"so it would have to be on
a straw bale."
LAUGHTER
Oh, my God!
I sent a text to Bradley Walsh's
contacts
saying he'd had a crazy
dream about them.
Matt Up Yard? What's Matt Up Yard?
Who's that? That is...
Who's Matt Up Yard?
It's just Matt up the yard.
He lives at the end of your garden?
Matt Up Yard. It's just... It's
just... It's just Matt up the yard.
Which yard? It is just a yard.
A yard,
where there's, like,
workshops and stuff.
Right, yeah. Like a mechanic yard.
Yeah, but he wraps cars.
He's a rapper? I don't mean, like,
he raps cars, he wraps cars.
OK. Matt.
So, Matt Up Yard -
"Seriously? It probably means that
you need
"to have a moment to ground yourself
and get some quiet time.
"Try a bit of meditation.
"Let me know if you need help
with that."
On the side, Matt does
all the crystals and stuff.
He does crystals and cars?!
Matt Up Yard... Matt Up Yard.
..does meditation and he fixes cars.
Is business not booming? Yeah.
I'm going to text him back.
Can you do Tuesday at two?
Thank you very much. Here we go.
The text I sent from Holly
Willoughby's phone told everyone
they looked hideous the last time
she saw them.
Mr Hook? Oh, my God!
That's... That's my kids'
headmaster!
Mr Hook. He's gone with...
"Are my suits really that bad?"
Oh, no!
Oh, my God, no! Oh, no!
Quick text back - yes. See you
tomorrow. No! Don't you dare!
Don't you dare! Don't you dare!
Oh, my God!
I'm so sorry, Mr Hook.
Hannah Peckham?
Oh, she's my old school friend.
Hannah Peckham.
Yeah, we went to school together.
"The last time I saw you
was my wedding day.
"Bit harsh, Hol."
With Jamie Oliver, I sent two texts.
First text was...
So that was sent off.
And I think people started
responding to that one
before I even sent this one.
The second text.
So, Babyface. Who's Babyface?
Dexter Fletcher, the actor. Ah.
What did he say?
"What's going on, J?"
He's gone, "Ah! Got you.
I knew it.
"Fine, I'll keep your secret,
"but you have to promise to come
over in the week
"and cook my nan a curry."
It is the funniest thing.
Alfie Deyes?
Yeah, blogger, vlogger.
SOME CHEERS
Whoo! Alfie Deyes, people
know about Alfie Deyes. Yeah.
"On my way to deliver it to you.
"Wait. Only 12 nuggets?
"Last time you smashed 24."
And it's always fun
when big stars reply.
Russell C? Who's Russell C?
QUIETLY: Russell Crowe! Oh, God.
That's Russell Crowe.
Russell Crowe!
Gladiator?!
"My name is
Maximus Aurelius Maximus.
"Father of a murdered son.
"Son to a murdered father.
"And I shall get my vengeance,
Ronan Keating."
I really didn't want him to respond.
Oh, nothing gets past Crowe.
"Ha-ha! Someone's got
your phone, mate."
Thank God. Thank God!
Yes. I have his phone.
And my name...is Maximus.
Father of a murdered son. No!
Shall I send that? AUDIENCE: Yes!
Right, that's gone to Russell Crowe.
But what's it really like to sit
in that Send To All box?
You forget how personal
your connection with your phone is.
We'd like you to pop your phone
into our little contraption here
and I will take it away from you.
Thank you so much. Ladies and
gentlemen, Alexander Armstrong.
What a wonderful sport.
There's this contraption,
obviously, you've seen it.
It looks like a... It's a sort
of blue velvet bum
and in the sort of cleft of the bum,
you then put your phone.
POINTLESS COLUMN SOUND EFFECTS
Oh, look at that.
And I think there's a moment,
as you sort of let go of your phone
and it goes down,
there's a sort of...
Ah. Ah.
Possibly the most awkward text
I've ever had to send.
How are you feeling
about that as a starter? Lovely.
You've got my tone of voice
absolutely there.
If it was me...I'd want to know.
You...have...
..really bad breath.
Maximum mortification. Just... Eek!
Shall I send that? AUDIENCE: Yeah!
Well, that's gone!
And it's not until some
of them start replying,
you think, "Oh, my God,
they got one as well."
Upholstery Jane.
No! Oh, no!
If it went to her, only then do
you start thinking,
"Oh, God, it must have gone to them,
gone to them
"and gone to them and gone to them."
So what did she upholster for you?
Oh, she's done some chairs for us.
Lovely. Chairs? Yes.
"Xander. Probably the most awkward
text I've ever replied to,
"especially as I haven't spoken
to you for at least two years.
"Is that why you forgot
to pick up your chair?"
Lovely Jane Leadbetter.
Most wonderful...
What she can't do with a needle.
"Is that why you didn't
pick up your chair?"
For two years, she's been sitting
watching Pointless,
on the chair that you never
picked up, thinking,
"Why has Xander never
picked up this chair?"
She's currently sitting
at home doing that.
Charlotte Church is in.
"Is this a hoax?"
She's on to it, Churchy.
Yeah. That's not Charlotte Church.
That's actually someone called
Charlotte from the church.
We organise this big carol service
every year and Charlotte
is the person you absolutely...
You know, you don't want to let
Charlotte down.
I am so sorry to assume that
that was Welsh songstress
Charlotte Church.
Of course, it's somebody called
Charlotte from the church.
I was still getting texts
from Charlotte Church.
I don't think any amount
of reassurance
was going to put her mind at rest.
Please give it up for
the incredibly brave
Alexander Armstrong!
I mean, a number of people go,
"Ha-ha! Of course I knew,
"of course I knew,"
some people say.
And you think, "No, you didn't,
"I've got your abusive reply right
here, thank you very much.
"What do you mean,
of course you knew?"
Ed Balls was on Strictly
and was obviously infamously
brilliant and hilarious.
MUSIC: Gangnam Style
by PSY
Every wedding, christening,
Bar Mitzvah I go to these days,
the DJ will say, Gangnam Style,
and everybody gets moving.
Yeah!
I don't think I believed
that I was going to hand
over my phone until it happened.
There it is. OK.
NatWest bank.
I won't go into your bank right now.
Ocado. Quite middle class.
Shop on the fly.
Oh, yes, there is a delivery,
it's coming!
We've got some savings there,
very good.
More than you offered us
when you were Shadow Chancellor.
Charlie Bingham chicken korma.
I'm racking my brains thinking,
"What on earth did I order?"
Fine green beans.
There wouldn't be any polenta,
but what happens if there
was two packs of doughnuts?
Two salmon skinless
mid-tail fillets.
Don't mind if I do.
Yvette's away. Cooking for one.
I'll save the other one,
freeze it for tomorrow, yeah?
You're a cook,
aren't you, I can tell. Yes.
And I do the Ocado shopping every
week. Well, how brave, how brave.
That is the most middle-class
sentence I've ever heard.
I'm absolutely exhausted.
Do you know, I do the Ocado
shop online every week?
Do you mind, Ed, if I have a little
look at your photos?
Because that is always a bit of fun.
AUDIENCE: Ooh!
Oh, OK.
Has your shirt split open?
I should have edited these photos,
really. Yeah, that's...
I was on It Takes Two and they said
that you shouldn't wear a jacket,
you should come in leisurewear.
I'd never worn smart casual before.
I bought a shirt,
which in retrospect was a mistake,
because it turned out
to be what's called tailored fit,
which was totally bursting
and looked absolutely terrible
and then the wardrobe person ran on
with a pair of scissors
and cut my shirt all the way up
the back, to relax my front,
which, from behind,
was quite exposed.
Most people call it too small,
but you have opted for
"tailored fit". No, no...
I was embarrassed when Michael found
that photo, but relieved
because I think there were quite
a lot worse in there.
That is...
I... I...
I'm sorry, the audience is having
so much fun,
we might sit on this for a while.
On that one, you can zone in a bit.
Sure, I wouldn't mind that at all.
I think that's exactly
what the viewers want.
In fact, I forgot we could zoom in.
I'm going to go back
to the other one. No, no, no, no...
Come on, we might as well
have some fun.
No, no, I'm kidding.
You told me to zoom in!
That is good.
Those tracksuit bottoms are,
shall we say...
Shall we say "tailored fit"?
I think at that point
I just thought,
goodness knows what's going
to happen in the next hour,
but I might as well
just sit back and enjoy it.
So the text I am going to send
in Ed Balls's phone is as follows.
"Just had a new hot tub delivered.
"Yvette's at the party conference."
LAUGHTER
No, don't go there. It's not there.
Trust me, you'll like it.
"So I'm having...
"..a party of my own.
"Anton du Beke is here.
"Delia is doing canapes.
"And Stormzy is coming."
A hot tub with Delia Smith
and Anton du Beke and Stormzy?
That was a surprise to me.
Grab your swimsuit
and get down here,
"Gangnam Style."
That has...
..gone!
When you finally hit send to all,
my first feeling was relief.
At least he's not going to put
anything more
into this text message.
It's party time at Ballsy's house!
Whoohoo!
Hundreds of people
were about to be invited by me
to a hot tub party.
What's Tony Blair
and Gordon Brown going to think?!
Jeremy Vine from BBC Radio 2.
He has just opened with, "Blimey.
"Is Delia in the hot tub?
"I'm finding my leopard-print
swimming shorts..." in capitals,
"..RIGHT NOW."
People think I'm actually inviting
them to a hot tub party.
Who's Charlie K?
Charlie K is a councillor
in Wakefield.
So he's northern, Charlie K.
Yeah. Charlie.
"I would love to, but just
got back from Zakynthos,
"so me and Gracie are
a bit travel weary.
"We'll ring you in the week.
Take care. Thanks for the invite."
Dude, did you read the text?
"We're a bit weary."
We're in a hot tub with Delia
and Stormzy and Anton du Beke!
"Yeah, but as I said, I'm a bit
travel weary from my trip."
June Cooper?
Is my mother-in-law.
At that moment, I realised
things could get quite bad.
Your mother-in-law has texted,
"Your father-in-law is coming
if Katya is there."
Dwayne Grucock.
Oh, Dwayne Grucock is the person
who used to live next door to us.
He's a Methodist vicar.
He's a Methodist vicar?
I got to tell you. It's really good.
"I'll just finish writing my sermon,
"then grab my towel."
I think what people don't realise
is that, even after the show,
the texts keep coming through from
people who know it's a joke
or from people who are actually
taking it seriously
and apologising that they didn't
get the text and didn't come round.
Thank you from all of us
to Ed Balls.
Come on, what about that?
What a sport.
One really good friend of ours came
round that night with their towel
and trunks for the hot tub party
and were really disappointed
that we weren't there
with Anton du Beke.
Bit awkward.